Adds config file documentation (#131)
moe-serifu-circle/moe-serifu-agent: python/sphinx/configuration.md

# Configuration File

The configuration file is the easiest way to begin configuring the MSA to your liking. The configuration file os a JSON
file. JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation, and is a common way of storing structured data. As tutorials on 
how to write JSOn are easily found, we will avoid going into specifics with how json works here. The most you need to 
know is that JSON is a series of key -> value associations.

This guide will refer to various nested configuration values in the config file, in order to easily reference a given 

> json value we will use the following naming schema: `agent.name` to refer to the `"Masa-chan"` value of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON value we will use the following naming schema: `agent.name` to refer to the `"Masa-chan"` value of 
```

> json value we will use the following naming schema: `agent.name` to refer to the `"Masa-chan"` value of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
json value we will use the following naming scheme: `agent.name` to refer to the `"Masa-chan"` value of 
```

`{"agent": { "name": "Masa-Chan" }}` easily.
 
# Configuration Values
 
## Agent
The agent section configures the behavior and appearance of the agent.

### agent.name

> The name your MSA will refer to itself as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name MSA will refer to itself as.
```

Removal of pronoun quantifiers.

Example:
```json
{
  "agent": {
    "name": "Your humble servant" 
  }
}
```

### agent.user_title

> The name your MSA will refer to you and other users as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name MSA will refer to the user as.
```

Example:
```json
{
  "agent": {
    "user_title": "Supreme Leader" 
  }
}
```

## Plugin Modules

> The plugin modules section, allows a user to configure the third-party plugins to load when the MSA starts. It should 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin modules section, allows a user to configure third-party plugins to load when MSA starts. It should 
```

Not a definite noun phrase; "the" should not be used

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin modules section, allows a user to configure which third-party plugins to load when the MSA starts. It should 
```

Reviewer: Suggestion looks good to me :+1:

be a list of plugin modules to load at startup. 

Example:
```json
{
  "plugin_modules": [
    "my_demo_plugin"
  ]
}
```
 

## Module Config

> The module config section should be a mapping of module name to JSON object. The JSON object should be configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module config section is a mapping of module name to JSON object. The JSON object is configuration
```

values that will be passed to the module to modify its behavior.

Example:
```json
{
  "module_config": {
    "my_demo_plugin": { 
      "my_demo_message": "hello world"
    }
  }
}
```

## Logging

> The logging section, allows you to configure how the MSA will record information about how well the MSA is running,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logging section, allows you to configure how MSA will record information about how well it is running,
```

> most notably, recording any errors that are encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will also record any errors that are encountered.
```

We don't have the context to tell the user what is and is not notable to them.

### logging.global_log_level
Sets the global log level. Must be one of "error", "warn", "info", or "debug". The global

> log level defines how verbose all modules should be with their logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log level defines how verbose all modules will be with their logging.
```

Example:
```json
{
  "logging": { 
    "global_log_level": "info"
  }
}
```

### logging.log_file_location
The file that the logging output is written to.
Example:
```json
{
  "logging": { 
    "log_file_location": "my_custom_file.log"
  }
}
```

### logging.granular_log_levels

> A module to log level mapping that overrides `logging.global_log_level` setting for that module. This can be used to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module to log level mapping that overrides the `logging.global_log_level` setting for that module. This can be used to 
```

increase logging or suppress a module that is logging too much unneeded information. Log level values must be one of 
"error", "warn", "info", or "debug". 

Example:
```json
{
  "logging": { 
    "granular_log_levels": [
      { "namespace": "echo", "log_level": "debug"},
      { "namespace": "command_registry", "log_level": "error"}

>   }

Reviewer: Missing a terminating brace
